Add v1 draft of content type definition file syntax refactor (#28)
strapi/rfcs: rfcs/xxxx-content-type-definition.md

    }
    category: {
      type: 'relation',
      relation: 'manyToOne',
      target: 'category',
    },
  },
};
```

## Motivation

The main goal of this change is to simplify readability of the content-type files so developers understand better what they are working with. This will also help make the internal database layer more standard for future evolution.

We will also start reserving some property names for later features (e.g `parsing`, `formating`, `validation`)

## Detailed design

Every attribute **MUST** have a `type` property.

### Medias

To simplify the usage of media attributes we are also simplifying the corresponding content-type attribute.

```js
const articleDef = {
  attributes: {
    images: {
      type: "media",
      multiple: true | false,
    },
  },
};
```

### Relations

The major change is for relations that will be change to use a `type` property of relation and a `relation` property to describe which relation it is.

**Examples**

**Many `Articles` have One `Category`**

```js
const articleDef = {
  attributes: {
    category: {
      type: "relation",
      relation: "manyToOne",
      target: "category",
    },
  },
};
```

> This relation is ine one direction onle (from Article to Category). It means you cannot fetch or edit the `articles` form a `category` in the Admin Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This relation is in one direction only (from Article to Category). It means you cannot fetch or edit the `articles` from a `category` in the Admin Panel.
```

> To make the relation visible in both direction you can use the following setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make the relation visible in both directions you can use the following setup
```

```js
const articleDef = {
  attributes: {
    category: {
      type: "relation",
      relation: "manyToOne",
      target: "category",
      inversedBy: "articles",
    },
  },
};

const categoryDef = {
  attributes: {
    category: {
      type: "relation",
      relation: "oneToMany",
      target: "article",

>       mappedBy: "category",

Reviewer 2: I am not sure to understand the `mappedBy` property, can we have a definition of relation that only uses `mappedBy` on one side?

```js
const articleDef = {
  attributes: {
    category: { type: 'relation', relation: 'oneToMany', target: 'category' }
  }
}

const catDef = {
  attributes: { type: 'relation', relation: 'oneToMany', targert: 'article', mappedBy: 'category' } 
}
```
  }
```

Reviewer 3: I'm also with you at @soupette; @alexandrebodin where did the mappedBy name come from? I'm wondering if something like `targetField` would be a bit more clear?

Author: the inversedBy / mappedBy  keys come as a pair. to know which side is owner and make sure tje inverse side is pointing to the valid field name.

This naming comes from several ORMs like doctrine / mikro-orm. They are pretty common in the ORM ecosystem and easy to define. We could find something clearer. We are open to suggestions. 
- `targetField` is incorrect as we don't target a field on the other entity but the entity itself. the field on the other side is just a way to access the relation for the other side.
